[SPEAKING AT MEASURED PACE]
THE GAME OF DUEL MONSTERS
CAN TRACE ITS ORIGINS
TO WHAT ANCIENT
CIVILIZATION? ANYONE?
THEY ALSO
BUILT THE PYRAMIDS. ANYONE?
ANYONE? THE ANSWER
IS THE EGYPTIANS.
WHEN DID THIS OCCUR?
CAN ANYONE TELL ME
HOW MANY YEARS AGO?
1,000?
ANYONE? THE ANSWER IS 5,000.
AND THE PHARAOH'S
NAME WAS...
ANYONE?
HIS NAME WAS ATEM.
TO SAVE MANKIND,
HE HAD TO FACE...
ANYONE? ANYONE?
ANYONE?
PLEASE ANSWER
THIS QUESTION FOR HOMEWORK.
Syrus: THEY TURNED
THE SCHOOL GYM INTO
AN INFIRMARY?
THIS IS GETTING OUT OF HAND!
Hassleberry:
YOU SAID IT,
HALF-PINT!
THESE STUDENTS
ARE DROPPIN' FASTER
THAN COW PIES!
AND VIPER'S NOWHERE
TO BE FOUND!
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
GREAT. IT'S SOLID ROCK.
YOU CAN'T KEEP ME
HERE, VIPER!
SO IF YOU KNOW WHAT'S GOOD
FOR YOU, YOU'LL LET ME GO
BEFORE I REALLY GET ANGRY!
AND DON'T THINK I DON'T
KNOW YOU'RE WATCHING ME!
WHY WOULD I SET
YOU FREE?
I HAVE WHAT I NEED.
SO YOUR SERVICES ARE
NO LONGER REQUIRED.
YUP. I MADE IT THROUGH
MY FIRST SURVIVAL DUEL,
BUT BARELY.
UGH. DON'T WORRY.
I'M FINE.
NOW LET'S GET TO WORK.
I SEE YOU FOUND
THE SCHEMATICS OF
VIPER'S HIDEOUT.
AFFIRMATIVE.
NOTICE ANYTHING STRANGE?
THE BASEMENT! IT'S 20 TIMES
THE SIZE OF THE WHOLE
REST OF THE FACILITY,
BUT WHY?
MY GUESS: THE CARD
HE'S HIDING IS
DOWN THERE SOMEWHERE.
OH. AND SPEAKING OF
SECRETS, GET THIS.
WHAT? AXEL BRODIE'S
WORKING FOR THEM?
IT LOOKS THAT WAY.
I'M TRYING TO CONFIRM,
BUT IF IT'S TRUE,
WE MAY BE TOO LATE.
Jaden: ARE YOU KIDDING?!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
"SHEPPARD'S GONE"?
I MEAN HE JUST UP
AND LEFT!
HE HIT THE HIGH
ROAD, POUNDED
THE PAVEMENT!
BID THIS PLACE ADIEU!
Hassleberry:
HE PICKED A HECK
OF A TIME TO GO AWOL!
IN CASE
YOU HAVEN'T NOTICED,
WE'VE GOT A SCHOOL
FULL OF CASUALTIES
ON OUR HANDS.
Jesse: YEAH, THESE SURVIVAL
DUELS HAVE TO STOP!
AND WHO DO YOU
SUGGEST SHOULD
STOP THEM?
THAT'S RIGHT, BOYS.
TIME FOR YOU TO STEP
UP TO THE PLATE!
THINGS ARE GETTING
OUT OF HAND!
YOU'RE THE GROWN-UPS
HERE, RIGHT?
DO SOMETHING
GROWN-UPISH!
LIKE WHAT?
WE'RE POWERLESS!
GO BOTHER VIPER!
HE'S THE ONE
WHO'S BEEN MAKING
ALL THE DECISIONS
AROUND HERE!
Alexis: HELLO!
DON'T YOU REALIZE?!
VIPER'S CAUSING
ALL THIS!
Jim: YOU DID FIGURE
THAT OUT, RIGHT?
UH, OF COURSE WE DID!
ONLY AN IMBECILE
WOULDN'T KNOW THAT!
IN FACT, WE WERE
ABOUT TO SUGGEST
YOU FIND HIM!
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND WE'LL STAY
RIGHT HERE!
IN CASE SHEPPARD
COMES BACK! HEH HEH.
IT'S ADRIAN. SOMEHOW
HE JUST WOKE UP.
WHAT?
Hassleberry: TALK ABOUT
A QUICK RECOVERY!
WISH I COULD SAY
THE SAME FOR CHAZZ!
UNLIKE HIM, IT TAKES
A LOT TO KEEP ME DOWN.
JADEN, I FIGURED OUT
WHAT'S CAUSING ALL THIS--
OUR BIOBANDS!
I THOUGHT SO.
YEAH, BUT THERE'S MORE.
I DID SOME RESEARCH.
VIPER'S NOT JUST DRAINING
OUR ENERGY TO MAKE US WEAK.
I KNOW THIS SOUNDS
CRAZY, BUT ACCORDING
TO THE EVIDENCE I FOUND,
HE'S COLLECTING OUR ENERGY
AND STORING IT SOMEWHERE!
Jesse: HEY, JIM.
THAT MIGHT EXPLAIN
THOSE WEIRD VIBES
YOU WERE PICKIN' UP.
WELL, THAT SETTLES
IT, SOLDIERS.
TIME TO LOCATE
THE ENEMY!
I COULD MAKE
THAT REAL EASY FOR YOU.
A FEW NIGHTS AGO,
I SAW VIPER AND BRODIE
WALKING AROUND IN THE WOODS.
I FOLLOWED THEM UNTIL
THEY DISAPPEARED INTO
SOME ABANDONED LABORATORY.
WE KNOW THAT PLACE!
YEAH,
THE ANIMAL LAB,
WHERE YOU BATTLED
WHEELER THE MONKEY!
MAN, WAS THAT
A WEIRD EPISODE.
SO I DON'T GET IT.
WHY WOULD VIPER
WANT TO GO THERE?
SIMPLE. WHO WOULD
THINK TO LOOK FOR
HIM IN THAT PLACE?
GOOD POINT, SARGE.
YOU SAID
YOU SAW AXEL?
HE MUST BE IN
ON IT, TOO!
WELL, THEY BOTH CAME
FROM WEST ACADEMY.
IT WOULDN'T SHOCK ME IF
THEY WERE IN CAHOOTS.
ALL RIGHT. LET'S SKEDADDLE!
WE'VE GOT WORK TO DO!
All: LET'S DO THIS!
THAT WAS EASY.
NOW FOR THE MAIN EVENT!
HEY, MATE.
YOU LOOK WORRIED.
WHO? ME?
WELL, UH, REMEMBER
WHAT HAPPENED LAST TIME.
OF COURSE I DO.
AND IF IT HAPPENS AGAIN,
YOU'RE IN
GOOD HANDS.
THANKS, JIM.
Jaden: VIPER'S HIDEOUT--
DEAD AHEAD!
IT IS?
WHAT'S THIS? MORE COMPANY?
[CHUCKLES SINISTERLY]
ENTER. AND PLEASE
CONSIDER YOURSELVES
MY PERSONAL GUESTS,
OR SHOULD I SAY
PERMANENT GUESTS!
Jaden: SEE ANYONE?
Syrus: NEGATIVE.
Alexis:
UPSTAIRS IS CLEAR.
WE'VE DONE A FULL SEARCH.
THIS PLACE IS DESERTED.
MAYBE VIPER'S
GOT A NEW HQ.
Jesse: GUYS!
THERE'S A DOWN BUTTON!
Syrus: BUT WE'RE ON
THE GROUND FLOOR.
Hassleberry: MUST BE
AN UNDERGROUND BASEMENT!
Alexis: UH,
ALL BASEMENTS
ARE UNDERGROUND.
HOLD ON, MATES. I'M
PICKING UP A DISTURBANCE.
BESIDES
HASSLEBERRY'S BREATH?
THERE'S ONE WAY TO FIND OUT!
LET'S HEAD DOWN.
NOT SO FAST, JAY.
WE DON'T EVEN KNOW
IF THAT ELEVATOR'S
IN SERVICE.
Jesse: SO MUCH FOR
WISHFUL THINKING.
Syrus: HEY! LOOK!
Jaden: WHAT'S THE DEAL?
HOW DID WE GET
OUTSIDE AGAIN?
[ANIMALS CALLING]
UH, GUYS, SOMETHING TELLS
ME WE'RE NOT OUTSIDE.
THIS IS PART OF
THE RESEARCH FACILITY!
BE CAREFUL WHERE YOU
LEAVE YOUR CAMERAS, VIPER.
SOMEONE MIGHT
ACCIDENTALLY BREAK ONE.
TIME TO DODGE SOME LASERS.
Jim: I'VE NEVER SEEN
A SIMULATED ENVIRONMENT
THIS REALISTIC.
Hassleberry:
FOCUS!
Jesse: YEAH,
THIS IS NO TIME
TO ENJOY THE VIEW.
LET'S MOVE OUT.
MATTER OF FACT,
THE BEST THING TO DO
IS DIVIDE AND CONQUER!
Jaden: YEAH!
OY!
Hassleberry:
FIRST WE NEED TO
SYNCHRONIZE OUR WATCHES
SO WE CAN RENDEZVOUS.
AWESOME IDEA!
ONE PROBLEM.
NONE OF US
ARE WEARING WATCHES.
GOT A BACK-UP PLAN?
YOU BET I DO. LET'S ALL
SHOUT AT THE SAME TIME
AND HOPE FOR THE BEST!
YEAH!
SORRY, GUYS, BUT I'M
GOING TO NEED TO CREATE
A LITTLE DISTRACTION.
NOT AGAIN.
THESE POWER OUTAGES
ARE BECOMING A NUISANCE.
I'M GOING TO HAVE A WORD
WITH THAT ELECTRICIAN.
WELL, INSERT DANGEROUS
SPY MUSIC HERE.
[FAST-PACED MUSIC PLAYING
ON SOUNDTRACK]
ALL RIGHT, VIPER,
SHOWTIME!
[CHUCKLING]
[VOICE OF CHILD]
I KNEW YOU'D COME,
PLAY WITH ME!
WE'RE GONNA HAVE
SO MUCH FUN.
WE GOT TO BE CLOSE.
[VOICE OF CHILD]
TAG! YOU'RE IT!
[VOICE OF CHILD CHUCKLING]
[ANIMAL CALLS]
Hassleberry: WHO
TURNED OUT THE SUN?
LET'S PLAY A GAME.
I SPY SOMETHING GREEN.
CAN IT, HASSLEBERRY.
I'M NOT REALLY UP FOR GAMES.
DON'T MOVE,
ALEXIS!
Hassleberry: I SPY
A POISONOUS SPIDER.
NOW THAT'S ODD.
THAT SPIDER'S
INDIGENOUS
TO AFRICA.
SO WHAT'S IT
DOING HERE?
SOMETHING DOESN'T
ADD UP, MATES.
YOU SEE WHAT I MEAN?
NO. ALL I SEE
IS A GRUMPY
GATOR.
EXACTLY. SEE,
THE REASON SHIRLEY HERE
IS THROWIN' A WOBBLY IS
BECAUSE SHE SENSES
DANGER NEARBY.
WHAT DANGER?
Jim: THERE'S A REASON VIPER
CHOSE TO HIDE DOWN HERE.
WHY'S THAT?
SAFETY. HE CAN
KEEP OUTSIDERS AWAY
BY USING ALL
THE NATURAL DEFENSES.
NATURAL DEFENSES?
HMM?
YOU HEAR SOMETHING?
[SHIRLEY GROWLS SOFTLY]
SHIRLEY, QUIET DOWN.
Alexis: MAYBE IT'S
A FRIENDLY TIGER.
Jim: NOT LIKELY.
EITHER WAY,
LET'S NOT STAY
TO FIND OUT!
Alexis: NICE KITTY?
Hassleberry:
ISN'T THERE
A GIANT BALL OF STRING
YOU SHOULD BE
PLAYIN' WITH?
Jim: HASSLEBERRY, STAND BACK.
JUST LEAVE THIS FELLA TO ME.
I FOUGHT A DOZEN DINGOS,
SO WHAT'S ONE TIGER?
YOU FIGHT WILD ANIMALS?
NOT JUST ME, MATE.
I'VE GOT A PARTNER.
[SHIRLEY GROWLS]
[GROWLS]
READY?
SHOW THIS OVERSIZED KITTY
HOW WE DO THINGS BACK HOME!
GAME ON!
GO! RUN!
10-4!
AAH!
THIS SHOULD BE
FAR ENOUGH.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
UH, PRIVATE LEXI?
HELLO? ALEXIS,
WHERE ARE YOU?
SURPRISE.
SO WE MEET AGAIN.
HEY! AREN'T YOU, UH,
WAIT. DON'T TELL ME.
PROFESSOR STEIN!
THE RIGHT ANSWER
FOR ONCE.
I HAD YOU FOR
INTRO TO DUEL HISTORY.
SO, AH, ONE QUESTION. WHAT
BRINGS YOU TO THESE PARTS?
HOW TYPICAL.
ALWAYS LOOKING
FOR THE ANSWER.
TRY THINKING.
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
FOLLOW ME.
YOU WON'T
BE DISAPPOINTED.
HOLD ON. SO WHERE EXACTLY
ARE WE GOING, TEACH?
ON AN EXCITING
ADVENTURE
WITH BONE-CHILLING
SURPRISES AROUND
EVERY CORNER.
GEE, YOU MAKE IT
SOUND SO THRILLING!
[GASPS]
SO, UH...
GIVE ANY INTERESTING
HISTORY LECTURES LATELY?
GLAD YOU ASKED.
I LED AN EXHILARATING
TALK ON DUELING
IN THE
POST-PALEOLITHIC ERA
AND ITS
MODERN DAY EFFECT.
HUH?
I KNOW.
YOU'RE THINKING,
HOW CAN A CIVILIZATION
THAT PREDATES
THE NEOLITHIC REVOLUTION
CREATE A PASTIME
AS MULTIFACETED
AS DUEL MONSTERS?
ACTUALLY I WAS THINKING
ABOUT CHEESEBURGERS.
WE'RE HERE.
I DEDUCE
THAT YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR PROFESSOR
THELONIOUS VIPER.
HE'S JUST BEHIND
THAT DOOR.
YEAH?
THANKS!
[GRUNTING]
BY NOW I'M SURE YOU
REALIZE IT'S LOCKED.
DUEL ME AND I'LL
LET YOU IN.
DUEL YOU
AND RISK MY LIFE?
NO, THANKS!
COME ON, JADEN.
WHERE'S YOUR SENSE
OF ADVENTURE?
LOOK, DUDE...
DON'T YOU KNOW
WHAT HAPPENS TO PEOPLE
WHO WEAR THESE?
YOU BEEN TO THE GYM?
OF COURSE.
I'M WELL-AWARE OF
THE ADVERSE EFFECTS
OF BIOBAND TECHNOLOGY.
LET ME PUT
THIS IN TERMS
YOU'LL UNDERSTAND.
THE STUDENTS AT
THIS INSTITUTION ARE
THROWING THEIR LIVES AWAY
BY NEGLECTING
THEIR STUDIES.
SO THAT'S WHY
YOU'RE DUELING ME?
THAT'S RIGHT.
I BLAME YOU FOR
THE DOWNFALL OF THIS SCHOOL.
HANG ON A SEC! WHAT
DID I EVER DO, BRO?
ON THE CONTRARY.
IT'S WHAT YOU
DIDN'T DO, JADEN,
LIKE STAYING AWAKE
IN CLASS, TO CITE AN EXAMPLE.
WELL, YOU HAVE
TO ADMIT YOU DO HAVE
A HYPNOTIC VOICE.
WHY, THANK YOU.
BUT THIS ISN'T ABOUT ME.
YOU'RE NOTHING
BUT A NEGATIVE INFLUENCE,
AND IT ENDS HERE.
GAME ON!
[GASPS]
HEY! WHERE'S JAY?
HUH?
WASN'T HE
RIGHT BEHIND US?
HEY, JADEN,
QUIT MESSING AROUND!
COME ON!
JOKE'S OVER!
Jesse: JADEN!
LET THE EXCITEMENT BEGIN.
I PLAY
SCAB SCARKNIGHT.
Jaden, thinking:
ZERO ATTACK POINTS?
WHAT'S UP WITH THAT?
I PLAY A FACE-DOWN
AND END MY TURN.
IT'S A GOOD THING YOU LIKE
DOZING OFF SO MUCH,
BECAUSE SOON YOU'LL
BE ASLEEP PERMANENTLY.
WHAT IS WITH THIS GUY?
EVEN HIS DRAMATIC
THREATS SOUND BORING.
WELL, IT'S TIME
TO LIVEN THINGS UP!
Jaden: READY, STEIN?
MY MOVE!
I'LL START WITH
MY ELEMENTAL HERO
BURSTINATRIX!
TEACH MR. PERSONALITY
A LESSON!
HUH?
YOUR MONSTER'S
STILL STANDING.
BUT WHY?
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
IF YOU HAD PAID
ATTENTION IN CLASS,
YOU'D KNOW SCARKNIGHT
CAN'T BE DESTROYED.
AS FOR YOUR MONSTER,
THANKS TO MY SCARKNIGHT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
SHE'S MINE NOW!
[GROWLING]
AAH!
HEY, GIVE HER BACK!
SHE'S BEEN PLACED
UNDER A SPELL,
NOT UNLIKE THE ONES CAST
IN ANCIENT EGYPT
FIVE MILLENNIA AGO.
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.
AND HE WONDERS
WHY I SLEPT THROUGH
HIS CLASS.
ANYONE UP THERE?!
HASSLEBERRY! JIM!
OH, GREAT.
JUST MY LUCK.
THE ONE TIME I FORGET
TO PACK MY BIKINI.
ALL RIGHT, CLASS.
BE SEATED!
NOW THEN, I SUMMON
DEMAND MAN IN
ATTACK MODE.
NOW ATTACK JADEN DIRECTLY.
NOW FOR THE FUN PART.
BURSTINATRIX, ATTACK
YOUR FORMER MASTER.
EXCITING ENOUGH FOR YOU?
I HOPE SO.
YOU WANT EXCITING?
WATCH THIS!
Jaden, thinking:
IF I ATTACK WITH
ANOTHER MONSTER,
IT'LL END UP
JOINING HIS SIDE
WITH BURSTINATRIX.
AND ONE MORE ROUND
OF DIRECT ATTACKS
AND I'M A GONER!
I PLAY
MY HUMMINGBIRD!
AND I'M PUTTING
HIM IN DEFENSE!
AND NOW HIS SPECIAL
ABILITY ACTIVATES!
HONEY SUCK!
SO FOR EVERY CARD
IN YOUR HAND, I GET
500 LIFE POINTS BACK!
WHAT NOW?
SORRY.
SCARKNIGHTS WILT
ALL VEGETATION.
I GUESS YOU WERE SICK
THE DAY WE COVERED
THAT IN CLASS.
OR WAS IT THE DAY
YOUR ALARM CLOCK
DIDN'T GO OFF?
WELL?
JUST GO.
I WILL. BUT FIRST I
HAVE TO DO THIS.
NO WAY!
DUE TO HIS
SPECIAL EFFECT,
DEMAND MAN SWITCHED
YOUR HUMMINGBIRD
INTO ATTACK MODE.
AND HE'S NOT THE ONLY ONE
WITH A SPECIAL EFFECT.
ACTIVATE SCAB CURSE!
NOW YOUR HUMMINGBIRD
HAS NO CHOICE BUT
TO ENGAGE IN BATTLE
WITH MY SCAB SCARKNIGHT.
HEY, BIRDIE, COME
JOIN THE PARTY.
I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN,
AND THAT'S THAT.
TELL ME.
HOW DOES IT FEEL
TO BE BETRAYED
BY EVERY ONE OF
YOUR MONSTERS?
NOT UNLIKE
KING AKUNUMKANON
AT THE END OF THE EARLY
DYNASTIC PERIOD, RIGHT?
SAY WHAT?
ENOUGH WITH ALL
THE ANCIENT HISTORY!
WHY DON'T YOU
TRY DUELING
IN THE PRESENT?
IGNORANCE AND POWER ARE
A DEADLY COMBINATION,
AND YOU POSSES BOTH...
FOR NOW.
BUT BEFORE LONG,
YOUR POWER WILL BELONG
TO VIPER!
YOU'RE WITH...HIM?
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET ♪
♪ YOUR GAME ON ♪